hey how's it going Dave Judy here this
is a quick video on the Alienware 17 r4
so this is their flagship model it's
their biggest it's their baddest that's
their most expensive
just a quick hardware overview it's got
an overclock well i 7q x 1080 kickass
speakers toby eye-tracking that's not
something I would use very often but it
is there it's got four drive bays it's a
beast
now it's expensive but if you're in the
market for hardcore 17-inch gaming
laptop this is my favorite on the market
right now so before I get into the
things I do like about it I want to talk
about a few things that I don't love
about it first are the RAM slots there's
only two slots so you can get up to 32
gigs of RAM if you do like tons of VM or
if you run on crazy CAD software you
might need more than 30 gigs so if you
do that's a limitation second thing are
the ports it has a decent number of
ports but for a 17 inch laptop I feel
like there could have been more USB
ports there's a total of four two of
them being type C the third thing is the
overclocking software like I mentioned
before it has an overclockable CPU but
there's no Alienware easy-mode software
you have to go into the BIOS or run
stuff like throttle stop or the Intel XP
you program to overclock and I wish
there was something that was built by
Dell there probably will be in the very
near future but right now there isn't
the other thing is that the power supply
is really big it's 330 watts but you're
going to properly power a GTX 1080 you
kind of need the wattage so those are
some things that I don't like about this
laptop there's obviously a bunch of
things that I do like but I'm going to
focus on three things that kind of
really separate this laptop from the
others in this space
first is build quality of all the 17
inch laptops in this price range
Alienware does of the best they aren't
super thin or super light but this thing
is a tank it's got steel and magnesium
on the inside carbon fiber composite for
the exterior it just feels really
durable I think this is the toughest 17
inch gaming laptop the Alienware
lighting is also cool light up tripods
are always fun the light strips on the
side are especially cool now I don't
think that this is a design for everyone
but I do think they're made really well
the second thing I like is the
performance it's running the KB Lake i77
820 H K and a GTX 1080 the performance
on this machine is
be really nice but any laptop with these
components are going to deliver
something similar but what makes this
lots of special is the thermal
management I don't know if I got lucky
with like a really good thermal paste
job but I was ready to open it up reap
aced and reap at it but looking at the
temperatures I'm not even going to
bother the fan noise on this system is
good I expected it to be loud because
the video card it's definitely not
silent and the fan often runs on idle
but under load it's quieter than most GT
X 1080 laptops I've used so we're
getting good performance with good
thermals and good fan noise what's not
to like right so the last thing I really
like about this laptop and this is a big
one for me is the screen in particular
it's this quad HD panel it is a TN panel
but before you say GTFO because it's a
TN panel trust me it's really nice
great color accuracy 120 Hertz with G
sync this thing was built for gamers so
there are a gaming laptops out there
with 60 Hertz panels it's not that it's
wasteful because these cards are capable
of pushing out so much more it's more
that you're missing out on really good
gaming experiences if you just capped at
60 Hertz playing on a 120 Hertz panel is
so much better stuff just looks super
smooth now my videos are shot in 24
frames per second so it's really
difficult for me to showcase this you go
just have to trust me or see it in
person 120 Hertz panel looks phenomenal
in terms of pricing Dells tend to
fluctuate a lot they have like seasonal
sales and stuff like that but right now
you get this system so a GTX 1080
overclockable i7 and a 120 Hertz g-sync
panel for $2,400 it's expensive but if
you can afford it you'll be playing
buttery smooth games for years okay with
the Alienware
17 r4 you're getting one of the
best-built 17 inch laptops so the money
heavy but it's built to last you're
getting a 17 inch TN panel that gives
one of the best gaming experiences you
get the classic Alienware keyboard it's
not the more common chickweed style but
it's a good typing experience and it's
easy to get used to you get a solid
trackpad that lights up with RGB LEDs
and inside you get a cable a chi seven
and a gtx 1080 that are cooled really
nicely so you can comfortably overclock
you get four drive bays and two RAM
slots all of which are easy to access
and upgrade and then you get a 99 watt
hour battery which is actually the legal
limit for bringing this laptop onto a
plane I mean you can't go any bigger
than that and even then you're only
getting
four hours of battery-life overall it's
a really good laptop obviously it's
super powerful obviously it's very
expensive but if you're in the market
for something like this like a really
high-end top to your gaming laptop that
you can competitively game with take a
look at this one it's pretty awesome
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs if you loved it see
you guys next time
[Music]